#Work with Crypto Haven.
#FA on Caperlabs.
CasperLabs Network(7/10)
Website- https://casperlabs.io
Twitter-  https://twitter.com/Casper_Network
LinkedIn- https://www.linkedin.com/company/casperlabs/
Discord- https://discord.com/invite/Q38s3Vh
Telegram- https://t.me/casperblockchain
Github- https://github.com/CasperLabs

Momentum(6/10)
	There are 11 articles on medium.com on to emphasise “ why CasperLabs?”.
	The Twitter chatter is minimum. However, recently the chatter has increased due to its upcoming sales.
	Some Twitter handles are rating it the next $flow.

Size of shill army(4/10)
	The shill army is small, hasn’t gain much attention.
	There are no big names trying to shill this coin at the moment.

Roadmap (9/10)
	Node 0.1                                    March 2019                                            Software Release
Initial node release that included the Casper Consensus implementation, block passing, and an in-memory DAG.

	Node 0.5                                      July 0001                                               Devnet Launch
Another release in a series of early node releases that introduced user account creation, stake unbonding periods, and access to private state. This release also marked the launch of Casper's first DevNet (developer network).

	Node 0.6                                     August 2019                                         Software Release
Another release in a series of early node releases that introduced Clarity, transaction fees, block commutativity, and account recovery.

	Whitepaper                                October 2019                                       Project Operations
CasperLabs released Highway Consensus Protocol whitepaper, which detailed the network's proposal consensus algorithm, as well as gossip deploys and additional slashing conditions.

	AssemblyScript & Rust Contract SDK (February 2020)                      Software Release
CasperLabs released support for AssemblyScript and the Rust Contract SDK.

	Node 0.12                                   March 2020                                            Testnet Launch
Alpha Testnet - The Zug500 | MVP Implementation of Highway.

	Node 0.20                                   August 2020                                          Testnet Launch
Beta Testnet | Solidity Support | Contract Headers | Multiple Key Support.

	Mainnet Launch
CasperLabs expects to launch the complete network sometime in Q1 2021.
Team (9/10)
	The team is well structured, and consist of 4 groups.
1.	Executive- Consists of 5 members.
2.	Marketing- Consists of 3 members.
3.	Business & Finance- Consists of 4 members.
4.	Engineering- Consists of 27 members.
	I have confidence in this team due to certain parameters.
1.	Well Structured.
2.	 Diverse Members.
3.	Splendid LinkedIn profiles.
4.	Good Research Backgrounds.
	Casperlabs is also backed and supported by a circle of luminaries, innovators and leaders who are acting as Casperlabs Advisors.


 
Backers (7/10)
	Casperlabs has investments and partnerships from some of the most prestigious VC and technology firms in the world.

	CasperLabs Funding Rounds.


Date	Funding Amount	Funding Round	Investor Details
Oct 21, 2020	$14M	Series A	Blockchange, 
May 28, 2020	Undisclosed	Series A	Draper Goren Holm
Sep 10, 2019	$14.5M	Series A	Blockchange and 5 others
Jan 16, 2019	$20M	Series A	-

Investors

 

Product market fit (7/10)
	Casper's native token, CSPR, is a utility token used to pay transaction fees (called gas fees). Since Casper is a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) system, CSPR owners and validators can also stake their tokens on the protocol to contribute to the network's security in exchange for inflation rewards.

	Casper network is an enterprise-focused layer-1 proof-of-stake blockchain protocol aiming to solve the issues of scalability, security and decentralization that have plagued other smart contract blockchains such as Ethereum. Although Ethereum has launched Ethereum 2.0 in hopes of solving some of these problems, users still complain about Ethereum’s high transaction fees — also known as “gas fees.” Ethereum’s gas fee issues could worsen with the growth of decentralized finance (DeFi) and non-fungible tokens (NFTs), most of which continue to rely on Ethereum.

	To tackle the problem of high transaction fees, Casper is introducing a “gas futures market” concept. By tokenizing block space to allow companies to buy future block space, Casper’s gas model aims to allow its blockchain’s users to lock in prices now, to have more predictable future network usage costs. 

Quality of website (9/10)
I will discuss the top factors that directly impact the overall quality of a web page.
	Purpose of website.
The website serves its purpose by briefly explaining its vision, aim and advantages of using CasperLabs.
	Main content quality and amount.
The content is clear and concise with no unnecessary added information. This therefore catches the eye of the consumers.
	Clear website information 
The content is clear and concise with no unnecessary added information.  This therefore catches the eye of the consumers.
	Website reputation
The reputation is good, as there are 11 articles on medium about CasperLabs. These articles have highly praised the website in many accounts.

Social presence and community(6/10)
	Very good social presence and community.
	Their main twitter account keeps up to date with the community and is never inactive.
	They have regular community interaction through DIscord/Telegram.
	Their linkedIn account posts every week once.
	They have a Telegram account to keep up to date with the community.


Market cap and total/circulating supply(6/10)
IEO DETAILS
Hardcap

Token Price

Total Supply

IEO Supply

Accepting

Whitelist

Country	3,000,000 USD

0.01	USD

10,000,000,000

300,000,000 (3%)

USDT

KYC

United States


About Casperlabs:
Casperlab is building a fully decentralized, scalable, permissionless and highly secure blockchain. It is powered by Highway, an innovative, correct-by-construction (“CBC”) Casper-based proof-of-stake consensus protocol. By leveraging popular workflows, tools and languages, CasperLabs is making blockchain services easier to use, more upgradable and more predictable, thus removing barriers to mainstream adoption.

Partnership: (9/10)
•	Acuitas Group
•	Consensus Capital
•	BroadLeaf
•	Digital Strategies
•	Hashkey Capital
•	Plug and play
•	Chainlink
•	Obsidian
•	Report Asset Management
•	Spark labs
•	CV labs
•	Woodstock
•	Arrington 
•	Diode
•	Ledger leap
•	Cardinal
•	IP we
•	Megala
•	Plasmapay
•	Herasoft

Previous seed and private sales: (8/10)
•	In July 2019($14.5M): Equity only, this round was led by Terren Piezer with participation from consensus capital, digital strategies and more.
•	In September 2020($14M): Private validator CSPR token sale-Round1.
•	In January 2021($11.9M): Private validator CSPR token sale-Round 2.

Github review (0/10)
•	I like how they have managed to split the code into 33 different repositories.
•	From what I notice the codes are structured well on GitHub.

Recent Bitcoin price action: (0/10)
•	Market data is untracked.

Recent price action: (0/10)
•	Market data is untracked.

Entry: (0/10)
•	Market data is untracked.

Tokenomics: (8/10)


White paper review: (9/10)

•	CBC-Casper proof of stake:
Casper was built off the original CBC Casper specifications designed by Ethereum developers. Meanwhile, proof-of-stake validates transactions quickly while maintaining decentralization that scales for real-world business.

•	Enterprise optimized:
Businesses can choose to build private or permissioned applications on the network, providing enterprise applications with both the confidentiality of a private network and the security of a public one.

•	Upgradeable contracts:
Casper enables on-chain smart contracts to be directly upgraded, removing the need for complex and migration processes and making it easier to patch smart contract vulnerabilities.

•	Concurrent Execution:
Concurrent execution allows greatly increased throughput with load-balancing. Instead of tasks waiting on other tasks, they can execute simultaneously, thereby increasing the speed of the network.

•	Stable gas fee:
Casper incentivizes active and diverse network behavior by establishing consistent, predictable, and transparent gas costs - eliminating volatility and improving both developer and user experience.

•	Web assembly support:
Casper supports developers building with WebAssembly. The network’s development ecosystem is designed to be familiar to existing Web2 developers instead of being written in a proprietary language.

•	Weighted keys:
Full access control mechanism over contracts, deployments, and accounts means that permissions in your business carry over onto your blockchain. Staff interactions with the blockchain match what they are authorized to do in the office.

•	Sharding:
Casper’s PoS architecture enables sharding, a database-scaling solution. The network optimizes performance by breaking down the workload into smaller, faster groups of validator nodes called “shards” and distributing work across them.

Distribution: (3/10)

•	Bitmax.io
•	Coinlist
